- [Instructor] Previously we added mapping
jackson two message converter,
which serializes and deserializes messages
to and from our json format.
Sometimes you may need to send messages in xml format.
I'll quickly demonstrate how that is done
with springs other messaging converter strategy,
the marshaling message converter
utilizing the simplicity and power
of extreme xml framework with an extreme marshaller.
Now opening up our build gradle file,
you'll notice that I have already added
the necessary dependencies for both our extreme
and our spring oxm dependency.
We'll need these as we begin to add our
xml marshallers and converters.
With that done, we need to go back and open up
our jms config class and we'll add a new bean.
We'll add this bean immediately below our jackson
jms converter, we'll type at bean
public message converter.
Again we're gonna make sure that we select
the jms message converter type.
We'll type in xml marshaling message converter.
And I'm going to instantiate marshaling
message converter, and again we need to use
the jms message converter.
Call this converter equals new marshaling converter.
Now the marshaling message converter constructor
requires some parameters.
We'll add those in a moment.
Next we're going to add our converter again,
we're gonna set the target type
and we'll say message type is text
as well as previously you could make this a bytes message,
and then we're going to return our converter.
You'll notice that we didn't have to provide
a set type ID property name like we did with
the jackson jms converter.
The marshaler doesn't require that.
The marshaler does though, the messaging converter does
require a marshaler and unmarshaler.
So the marshaling message converter constructor
will require some parameters.
To populate these we're going to need to create another bean
and we'll create a bean and we'll call this the public
extreme marshaler, and we'll call that the xml marshaler.
We'll instantiate an extreme marshaler,
we'll just call that our marshaler equals
new extreme marshaler.
And the marshaler we're going to have to set
the supported classes, this will ensure that it knows what
classes need to be serialized and deserialized,
so we're gonna use our book class.
We're going to use our customer class
and our book order class.
And as you can see here I didn't provide the right method,
let's just correct that real quick,
set supported classes, there we go.
And finally we're going to return marshaler.
Now let's modify our spring bean again
for the xml marshaling message converter.
And we're going to supply it with our parameter
for the xml marshaler.
Internally when you use this format,
spring applies a marshaling instance parameter
to both the marshaler and unmarshaler properties
internal to this class.
Now there are many varieties of marshalers
that we could have used.
I like the use of the extreme marshaler
because the extreme marshaler requires no extra mapping
files like for example castor.
Castor requires additional annotations on your pojos,
which makes it nice in our case.
I really don't wanna have to spend any more time
swapping out annotations like json creator
and json property with other annotations.
Extreme simply ignores them which is nice,
and extreme knows how to handle them
because we've identified the supported classes.
Now we need to ensure that our default jms listener
container factory is set to use the new message converter.
So we're gonna comment out the previous for
the jackson message converter, we'll say factory set
message converter and select our xml marshaling converter.
The last thing we need to do is go ahead
and comment out the bean annotation,
our spring bean annotation for
the jackson jms message converter.
We don't want that being populated as spring
starts up the app.
Now before we can compile and run and see the message
is in active mq, we're gonna go back and open up
the warehouse receiver class and we're gonna comment out
our jms listener for right now.
And we'll add that back in a moment.
Let's go ahead and compile our app.
We'll build it now.
The active mq instance should still be running
so we need to navigate back to our browser,
let's just refresh this, select record,
click add to order.
Message has been sent, I'll go to our queues,
we'll refresh our queues.
We have one message in the queue.
We click on this, we'll notice down below
that we now have xml format for our message.
Now going back to our application code,
I'm just gonna set this like that for right now,
we're going to remove the comment
and we're going to compile and build again.
Okay, reload our page in the browser.
We'll add a message and we should see the messages
appear in the logs.
There they are in the logs, we'll do another one.
There it is again,
go to our active mq instance, refresh our queues,
all of the messages are gone
and everything is working correctly.